We don't need any guidelines or formats. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us. The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. Sometimes you learn more from your mistakes than you do from your masterpieces. The light is your friend. Preserve it.

A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. Think about a cloud. Just float around and be there. Trees grow in all kinds of ways. They're not all perfectly straight. Not every limb is perfect. Take your time. Speed will come later. This painting comes right out of your heart. Let's make some happy little clouds in our world.

We'll have a super time. Automatically, all of these beautiful, beautiful things will happen. Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you. And maybe, maybe, maybe... You create the dream - then you bring it into your world.

These things happen automatically. All you have to do is just let them happen. Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. Have fun with it. Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. In this world, everything can be happy. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.

These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to push them out. That's crazy. Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it. All you have to learn here is how to have fun.

Steve wants reflections, so let's give him reflections. Anyone can paint. We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted. Even trees need a friend. We all need friends. Use your imagination, let it go. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here.

You have to make these big decisions. Just think about these things in your mind - then bring them into your world. You gotta think like a tree. Fluff it up a little and hypnotize it.